so as you see melanie is in
late I hope she will soon
arrive
so babies are in the baby corner
there is
there are kids in the kitchen and he
there are babies from one the ball pool to
there is a telly finally telly corner there is to
praise a death a lot and there are
children in the classroom yes melanie harry
good day of the night and what is it
less than a month because we attack is not
melanie it does not matter
okay play where we go where you want
why men women is me
to settle okay okay there is
also a back corner with a small
security blanket
and more you can come if he
please down yes I always arrive handled
no, do not worry, are you going to have a son?
yen ride on it in time on both
cheeks you can not me luc it when it's okay
yes a little bit
and you're fine I'm going to see what happened
past
matthias s and that's ok yes but miss the
nigon skate impose the very astonished no
Well, here is dany what has happened
in fact I did not see it very well
but I saw that he was coming down like
had asked him but going down I
think what he has done but
he fell pointing end of the month
holland goes away on the side of that we are
not bad not too hasty but
were not trying to ride my darling I
am obviously texture no I said yes
Funny yeah I did not have any
thing to worry you are in love game
in fact my name is miguel google
miguel leggett 10th of two months
no do not worry nolan can you
can say my shrink he's a theodore
linder put me to the cuy
ok thank you and here is the day is
almost finished they go home
the time has come to leave after
I pooped throughout the flight
shame you come back tomorrow yes to
tomorrow goodbye low and you're not leaving
see you tomorrow goodbye know
goodbye and that's how finished the
day to win but she